or just trying to build little bits of
the puzzle what do you remember about
the incident I like this one look at the
map where were you when it happened I
don't remember well you came around
did you see people yes
what were they doing
they were dead we are an awful lot like
Thea we both went through the sooner we
get back to a normal routine the better
[Music]
oh part that Blackwell said he sent me
exactly where I needed to be into who I
needed to be with his mother dead too
yes
I know you were there and I know what
else was in that room
the goldfish before and after everything
is before and after in the middle is the
painting
that's life
he's alone miracle after miracle it
survives there's something important I
have to tell you
until you is it lost
[Music]
even the tiniest things mean something
[Applause]
who took the paint
[Music]
I seem to be rocket forever
maybe so cool to them can come from bed
[Music]
who's my thought she died
I would have given it back I saw her
[Music]